hi I'd like to welcome you here to 26 41
ocean street my name is amber anderson
I'm a broker associate with co Sotheby's
realty in Rancho Santa Fe and I just
want to share with you this amazing
beach front estate here in Carlsbad
California also known as the village by
the sea it has a two-car attached garage
with with room for four cars but an
additional four parking spaces out front
which is ideal for living by the beach
but it really incorporates the beach
lifestyle into your living this is a
very cozy home it boasts well for a
large family it's tri-level it does
include an elevator to get access to
each of those level and it has a private
one bedroom suite on the bottom floor it
has the outdoor Cabana built-in barbecue
it's got an ice maker you can really
have a great time with your family down
on the the patio it's got a spa all the
fun toys you're going to want to enjoy
on the beach and really just create an
ultimate beach house
the stairwell consists of unique custom
Venetian travertine flooring which is
also included on the third floor of this
home which really provides an exquisite
touch the Palm fans in this master suite
keep the room cool and it's so nice to
wake up every morning to an amazing view
but more importantly you get a fall
asleep every night to the sounds of the
crashing waves
you
the home theater has seating for six
individual seats but of course can fit
the entire family here and what's also
nice is you do have the built-in kitchen
at which includes the popcorn maker so
you can pop some popcorn and enjoy a
nice movie with the family here we are
in the kitchen add of the one bedroom
guest suite which again has everything
you can ever need it's got granite
countertops you two sinks for you to
entertain many many people of course
stainless steel appliances and what's
nice is there is a laundry room down on
this bottom floor which is essential
especially when you're out playing at
the beach all day you're not dragging in
those sandy beach towels all throughout
the house these shutters open up to a
beautiful little one-bedroom guest suite
which is right next to the waves
crashing at night and just really gives
you a nice tropical feel to this room
for more information or to see some
additional photos of this amazing home
you can go to the dedicated property
website at WWDC x41 ocean street info or
feel free to give me a call at 619 840
3400 and i look forward to hearing from
you